=== Rails Admin

Since 1.4.7, it is the user's responsibility to create assets/javascripts/rails_admin/custom/ui.js and include rich

  //= require rich/base

To use Rich in your RA forms, use the following in your initializer:

  config.model Post do
    edit do
      field :title
      field :body, :rich_editor do
        config({
          :insert_many => true
        })
      end
    end
  end

To use the image picker on a string field, do this:

  field :title, :rich_picker do
    config({
      :allowed_styles => [:original],
      :view_mode => "list"
    })
  end

== Rich in production mode

Rich works just fine in production mode. To accommodate the structure of the CKEditor source, Rich extends the <tt>assets:precompile</tt> task to make sure the full CKEditor source tree is copied to your assets folder. So the following works as you would expect:

  rake assets:precompile

Rich will also clean up these CKEditor files when you clean your assets. Like this:

  rake assets:clean

Although generally not necessary, the underlying Rich tasks can be invoked directly.

  rake rich:assetize_ckeditor
  rake rich:clean_ckeditor

== Configuration and overrides

Take a look at the generated <tt>rich.rb</tt> initializer and – if you want to dig deeper – the Rich sourcecode. The initializer guides you through the most important settings and configuration options.

=== Localization

Localization should be automatic. Rich uses the currently set locale (<tt>I18n.locale</tt>) for it's editor and file browser.

=== CKEditor configuration

Rich attempts to provide you with a sensible set of buttons and capabilities. But of course, you might disagree. To that end, you can configure CKEditor through the <tt>config</tt> directive, either globally through the initializer, or per editor instance as an option.

Rich also includes a few settings that manipulate CKEditor settings, but are a bit easier to use. For example, you can set <tt>:allow_embeds</tt> to <tt>true</tt> to load a media embed plugin (think Youtube, Vimeo, etc.)

=== Editor styles

When you run the generator a css file is created for you in <tt>app/assets/stylesheets/rich/editor.css</tt>. Use this stylesheet to define the contents of the Styles drop down in CKEditor.

=== Image configuration & (re)processing

The styles you define in the initializer are passed to Paperclip directly, so the syntax is identical. See https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip/wiki/Thumbnail-Generation for more information. You can also set additional processing options using <tt>convert_options</tt>. See your Rich initializer for more information.

When you change styles after uploading files, you will need to re-process those old files. To accomplish this, run the following command (avoid the standard Paperclip task!).

  rake rich:refresh_assets
